Hello and welcome to Gamble Computer Solutions Word VD,
a macro program.
Video tutorials.
In this course designed to give you a worthy ammunition,
you'll need to start creating your own custom Macron's to automate Microsoft Word
operations.
Would users decide to learn maybe a programming for a variety of reasons?
I want to learn word VB a programming so I could make myself totally indispensable to my
company.
I want to learn word.
Deviate for Jeremy to enhance my career.
I don't have a record macros,
but I can't write that grows from scratch.
I want to learn word BB A programming save money.
We've had some bad grocery for our company automate document creation,
but trouble waas that for every single modification we've gotta paint outside company,
I wanna learn word BB,
a programming toe automate one very time consuming operation that I have to do at the end
of each month.
Whatever your reasons for wanting to learn BBMak Rose,
this course aims to equip you with everything you need to know to get started.
We'll begin with a brief look at the macro recorder.
We'll discuss its benefits and limitations,
but we'll very soon move into words visual,
basic editor and begin right in our own Mac Rose.
We look at the use of variables both to keep track of data and to store references to
Microsoft objects such as documents,
paragraphs,
tables.
Anything which you may need to manipulate with your code will discuss how to make your
solutions.
Markkula,
by writing and calling separate sub procedures and functions way learn how to use
conditional logic to enable your code to branch off in different directions,
depending on the circumstances it encounters on how to use the loops to carry out batch
processing,
such as Before Miniseries of Steps on Every Filing a Given folder.
Once we've looked at these essential Phoebe A techniques will move on to an examination of
the word object.
The programmatic representation of all the various elements which are manipulated by
Microsoft.
Word will discuss the Sin Jackson programming techniques used to target manipulates
Microsoft word objects.
Next we look a T gent programming and learn how to write interactive code,
which is triggered automatically when certain actions performed by the user,
both within word documents and in custom dialogues called user forms.
We'll talk about debunk in your code and how to use the tools available to track down there
is when they have crept in.
We'll also look a writing code,
which anticipates possible errors and handles them when they occur.
In short,
this calls will equip you with everything you need to know to confidently start right in VB
a Mac rose,
which automate procedures inward and which will enhance your own profile as a word user and
a word developer.
Let's get started.